This would be how the home page would look with a logo in the top left and everything is a dark shade for users to see better and give cinema experiences. The movie around are top movies seen in the cinema. They should have click images to read descriptions and a buying option 

This is the login page for users to re enter their account on different devices. If users are login, they can see their account info and history while being able to buy tickets without their personal information breached

The sign-up page will work as the same as the login page however it will create an account and their will be an email needed to verify it’s the right email and will let them reset their password if needed.

Account info and history will work on the same page. The personal information can be changed to their needs and save it without worrying about it being access to others that aren’t meant to see. The history will be movies they have been to watch.

If you clicked on a movie, you would be greeted with this screen having information like the rating photo and name. The description will be a short sentence about the movie and next to it will be a read more icon with more detailed information. The next button should be dates for dates its available.  

The dates page will be filled with dates that the user can visit to watch the film with the name at the bottom right, so you know it’s the right movie you want to see.

The user will then be able to choose a seat with current seats that are available with a seat number and a colour meaning ether regular, VIP, accessibility or taken seat

The food choice would be much bigger then this with more options and ways to find if they have food and drinks you can and want to consume.

Date of test 

Component to be tested 

Type of test to be carried out 

Prerequisites and dependencies 

Testing if you can sign up 

Signing up  

Black box 

Trying different usernames and passwords to make sure they are hidden with an email making sure it sends it to the right email to verify  

Testing if you can login in 

Login in  

Black box  

Trying usernames and passwords making sure the password is required to login in and everything is saved on the account  

Testing if you can search for films  

Search for films that are made on the website 

Black box 

Searching films with different errors the name to make sure the films still pops up 

 

 

 

 

 
